Oh what nice little dogs what are you
doing don't bite that sprinkler to my
desk sprinkler you're crazy what are you
doing you're a silly dog you silly dog
buddy I think you are
your mouth go divided faster that
sprinkler you silly puppy oh there's
another one oh you're gonna get right
down in that one aren't ya you're funny
you're a funny dog oh you guys go lay on
it now you're a funny don't you
what do you ten today rinse your mouth
out oh there's another one
what about this one over here dandy look
over here what about this one over here
go get this one there's another one oh
you're funny you're funny what are you
doing oh you like that one don't you
what are you barking at don't bite that
sprinkler